Our application is looking pretty good.
And in this video I would like to start to add in a new feature.
Let's first discuss exactly what this feature is going to be.
Here's what we're going to try to do.
I want to add in the idea of content moderation.
So, in other words, I want to take a look at the content of every comment that gets submitted.
And depending upon whether or not it has some very specific word, we're going to flag that comment
in some way and say, hey, this thing is not permitted or something like that.
We're going to flag comments that contain the word orange.
So it's going to be a very simple filter.
We're going to literally say, does the comment contain the word orange?
If it does, there's something wrong with this comment.
We want to flag it in some way.
Let me give you a little bit more detail on this feature, just to clarify a couple of different things.
So first off, if we were doing some simple filtering like this and just trying to say whether or not
a comment had orange, it would make a lot of sense to implement it just in the React application.
But let's just pretend for a second that maybe the filter list changes very frequently.
In other words, that word orange.
Maybe in 5 minutes we need to change it to banana or something like that.
If that was the case, we would not want to hardcoded any filtering logic directly inside the React
app because then every single time we wanted to change that filter keyword, we would have to redeploy
the React application.
The next thing that we're going to assume here is that although it would be super easy to implement
this in the existing comment service that we already have, we're going to say that for some reason
who knows what it is?
We want to create a new service, so we are going to make a new service to implement this kind of filtering
or moderation logic.
The third little assumption we're going to make here is that in some scenarios, you'll see why in a
little bit.
We're going to assume that it might take a very long time for the news service to actually moderate
a comment.
So at the end of the day, we are really just checking to see if a string contains orange, but we are
going to assume that maybe that is going to take minutes or even hours to actually complete.
Okay.
So let me show you a mockup of what I want this app to eventually look like after we make this change.
So we will imagine that we've got three posts right here.
And each of them has one comment.
So each of these comments can be in one of three different states.
The comment can be successfully moderated.
So as you see right here in the middle one, this drink does not contain the word or int or anything
like that.
So we show that comment to the user.
The other state a comment can be in is awaiting moderation.
So this is the scenario in which maybe it takes 5 minutes or an hour to actually run that moderation
logic again.
It's really just a simple string comparison, but you'll see why we kind of have to make this assumption
from the get go.
If we are waiting moderation, then we should display something like this to the user, something it
says.
This comment is awaiting moderation.
And then finally, the third possible state is the case in which the comment contained the string orange.
So in that scenario, we want to display to the user this comment was rejected and let them know that
there was a comment there.
But for some reason we are filtering it.
So from the get go, I want to point out that there's kind of one assumption we can probably make here
very easily, without a doubt, based on the mockups you're just looking at, we know 100% that the
React application needs to be able to tell whether a comment is awaiting moderation, rejected or approved.
Right now, the React application thinks that a comment has this structure you see right here.
The React app thinks that comments just have an ID and content and that's it.
So to really tell the React app whether a comment is moderated, rejected or approved, we're going
to add in an additional little flag to every comment.
And that flag will be a string of approved, rejected or pending.
As you could guess approved means that we've filtered this comment.
We've made sure that it doesn't contain the string orange or whatever else reject it again, as you
can probably guess, means that, well, for some reason we don't want this comment displayed to the
user.
So if the status is rejected, we want to show that right there.
And then finally, if the comment is pending, that means that we're still trying to do that filtering
logic.
And in that scenario, we should display this comment as awaiting, pending or awaiting moderation over
here.
All right.
So in this video, I've now spent about 4 minutes telling you about what appears to be a very simple
and straightforward feature.
And I cannot stress that enough.
This feature looks crazy, simple at first glance.
But as we start to implement this, you're going to see that there is some incredible hidden complexity
here.
There's way more going on than you would ever expect.
And implementing stuff like this, turns out, is a little bit more challenging than if we were in a
very simple, monolith style world.
So let's take a pause right here.
We're going to come back the next video.
We're going to take a look at the current design of our application and talk about how we can change
it to implement this feature.
And we're going to see some issues start to arise along the way.
The quick pause continue in just a minute.